Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-nccu-programminglanguage1-assignment-1-fundamental-java-data-types
<br>
Programming Language IAssignment 1: Fundamental Java Data Types1. Write a program that does the following:A. Create 7 variables, all variables are primitive number types in JavaB. Initialize each variable with any appropriate value.C. Print out the name of each variable and its value.D. Modify the value of each variable with an assignment statement and print out the names of the variables and their new values.//For 1.DintVar = 5;System.out.println(“intVar= ” + intVar);2. Write a program that does the following:A. Create 3 constants, each of them is primitive number types in Java. Print the name of the constant and its value.B. What happens if you try to assign a value to a constant? Write your explanations in Java comment.3. Adding (incrementing) or subtracting (decrementing) the value one from an integer variable is a common, everyday operation. To increment an int variable x, we could codex = x + 1;As an alternative, we could use the special operators ++ and — to increment and decrement a variable.A. Use the first method to increment x in the program below. Print the value of x after incrementing.B. Use the ++ operator to increment y in the program below. Print the value of y after incrementing.4. The output of the following program is 36.0.int age1 = 18;int age2 = 35;int age3 = 50;int age4 = 44;double averageAge = (age1 + age2 + age3 + age4) / 4;System.out.println(averageAge);That is not the real average (it should be 36.75). The incorrect result is obtained because integer division is being used. Floating-point division should be used instead.Fix the program above so that it shows the correct result.(Next Page)Programming Language I 201925. The output of the following program is 869double probability = 8.70;int percentage = (int) (100 * probability);System.out.println(percentage);Computers represent numbers in the binary system. In the binary system, there is no exact representation for 8.70, just as there is no exact representation for 1/3 in the decimal system. The representation used by the computer is just a little less than 8.70, so 100 times that value is just a little less than 870. When a floating-point value is converted to an integer, the entire fractional part is discarded, even if it is almost 1. As a result, the integer 869 is stored in percentage.Fix the program above so that it displays the correct result. Remember that you can use Math.round to convert a floating-point value to its closest integer.